##A 393
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Abiotrophiadefectiva.shtml	Abiotrophia defectiva
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acaricomesphytoseiuli.shtml	Acaricomes phytoseiuli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetitomaculumruminis.shtml	Acetitomaculum ruminis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetivibriocellulolyticus.shtml	Acetivibrio cellulolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetivibrioethanolgignens.shtml	Acetivibrio ethanolgignens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetivibriomultivorans.shtml	Acetivibrio multivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetoanaerobiumnoterae.shtml	Acetoanaerobium noterae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Acetobacteraceti.shtml	Acetobacter aceti
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobactercerevisiae.shtml	Acetobacter cerevisiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobactercibinongensis.shtml	Acetobacter cibinongensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacterestunensis.shtml	Acetobacter estunensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacterfabarum.shtml	Acetobacter fabarum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacterghanensis.shtml	Acetobacter ghanensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacterindonesiensis.shtml	Acetobacter indonesiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacterlovaniensis.shtml	Acetobacter lovaniensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobactermalorum.shtml	Acetobacter malorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacternitrogenifigens.shtml	Acetobacter nitrogenifigens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacteroeni.shtml	Acetobacter oeni
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacterorientalis.shtml	Acetobacter orientalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacterorleanensis.shtml	Acetobacter orleanensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Acetobacterpasteurianus.shtml	Acetobacter pasteurianus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacterpornorurn.shtml	Acetobacter pornorurn
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobactersenegalensis.shtml	Acetobacter senegalensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Acetobacterxylinus.shtml	Acetobacter xylinus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacteriumbakii.shtml	Acetobacterium bakii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacteriumcarbinolicum.shtml	Acetobacterium carbinolicum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacteriumdehalogenans.shtml	Acetobacterium dehalogenans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacteriumfimetarium.shtml	Acetobacterium fimetarium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacteriummalicum.shtml	Acetobacterium malicum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacteriumpaludosum.shtml	Acetobacterium paludosum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacteriumtundrae.shtml	Acetobacterium tundrae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacteriumwieringae.shtml	Acetobacterium wieringae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetobacteriumwoodii.shtml	Acetobacterium woodii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetofilamentumrigidum.shtml	Acetofilamentum rigidum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetohalobiumarabaticum.shtml	Acetohalobium arabaticum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetomicrobiumfaecale.shtml	Acetomicrobium faecale
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetomicrobiumflavidum.shtml	Acetomicrobium flavidum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetonemalongum.shtml	Acetonema longum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acetothermuspaucivorans.shtml	Acetothermus paucivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmaaxanthum.shtml	Acholeplasma axanthum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmabrassicae.shtml	Acholeplasma brassicae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmacavigenitalium.shtml	Acholeplasma cavigenitalium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmaequifetale.shtml	Acholeplasma equifetale
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmagranularum.shtml	Acholeplasma granularum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmahippikon.shtml	Acholeplasma hippikon
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmalaidlawii.shtml	Acholeplasma laidlawii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmamodicum.shtml	Acholeplasma modicum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmamorum.shtml	Acholeplasma morum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmamultilocale.shtml	Acholeplasma multilocale
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmaoculi.shtml	Acholeplasma oculi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmapalmae.shtml	Acholeplasma palmae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmaparvum.shtml	Acholeplasma parvum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmapleciae.shtml	Acholeplasma pleciae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acholeplasmavituli.shtml	Acholeplasma vituli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Achromobacterdenitrificans.shtml	Achromobacter denitrificans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Achromobacterinsolitus.shtml	Achromobacter insolitus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Achromobacterpiechaudii.shtml	Achromobacter piechaudii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Achromobacterruhlandii.shtml	Achromobacter ruhlandii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Achromobacterspanius.shtml	Achromobacter spanius
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidaminobacterhydrogenoformans.shtml	Acidaminobacter hydrogenoformans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidaminococcusfermentans.shtml	Acidaminococcus fermentans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidaminococcusintestini.shtml	Acidaminococcus intestini
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidicaldusorganivorans.shtml	Acidicaldus organivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidimicrobiumferrooxidans.shtml	Acidimicrobium ferrooxidans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidiphiliumacidophilum.shtml	Acidiphilium acidophilum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidiphiliumangustum.shtml	Acidiphilium angustum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidiphiliumcryptum.shtml	Acidiphilium cryptum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidiphiliummultivorum.shtml	Acidiphilium multivorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Acidiphiliumorganovorum.shtml	Acidiphilium organovorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidiphiliumrubrum.shtml	Acidiphilium rubrum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidisomasibiricum.shtml	Acidisoma sibiricum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidisomatundrae.shtml	Acidisoma tundrae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidisphaerarubrifaciens.shtml	Acidisphaera rubrifaciens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidithiobacillusalbertensis.shtml	Acidithiobacillus albertensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidithiobacilluscaldus.shtml	Acidithiobacillus caldus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidithiobacillusferrooxidans.shtml	Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidithiobacillusthiooxidans.shtml	Acidithiobacillus thiooxidans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidobacteriumcapsulatum.shtml	Acidobacterium capsulatum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidocellaaminolytica.shtml	Acidocella aminolytica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Acidocellafacilis.shtml	Acidocella facilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidomonasmethanolica.shtml	Acidomonas methanolica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidothermuscellulolyticus.shtml	Acidothermus cellulolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidovoraxanthurii.shtml	Acidovorax anthurii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidovoraxcaeni.shtml	Acidovorax caeni
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidovoraxcattleyae.shtml	Acidovorax cattleyae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidovoraxcitrulli.shtml	Acidovorax citrulli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidovoraxdefluvii.shtml	Acidovorax defluvii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidovoraxdelafieldii.shtml	Acidovorax delafieldii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidovoraxfacilis.shtml	Acidovorax facilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidovoraxkonjaci.shtml	Acidovorax konjaci
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidovoraxtemperans.shtml	Acidovorax temperans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acidovoraxvalerianellae.shtml	Acidovorax valerianellae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobacterbaumannii.shtml	Acinetobacter baumannii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobacterbaylyi.shtml	Acinetobacter baylyi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobacterbouvetii.shtml	Acinetobacter bouvetii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Acinetobactercalcoaceticus.shtml	Acinetobacter calcoaceticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobactergerneri.shtml	Acinetobacter gerneri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobacterhaemolyticus.shtml	Acinetobacter haemolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Acinetobacterjohnsonii.shtml	Acinetobacter johnsonii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobacterjunii.shtml	Acinetobacter junii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Acinetobacterlwoffi.shtml	Acinetobacter lwoffi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobacterparvus.shtml	Acinetobacter parvus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobacterradioresistens.shtml	Acinetobacter radioresistens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobacterschindleri.shtml	Acinetobacter schindleri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobactersoli.shtml	Acinetobacter soli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobactertandoii.shtml	Acinetobacter tandoii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobactertjernbergiae.shtml	Acinetobacter tjernbergiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobactertowneri.shtml	Acinetobacter towneri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobacterursingii.shtml	Acinetobacter ursingii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acinetobactervenetianus.shtml	Acinetobacter venetianus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acrocarposporacorrugata.shtml	Acrocarpospora corrugata
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acrocarposporamacrocephala.shtml	Acrocarpospora macrocephala
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Acrocarposporapleiomorpha.shtml	Acrocarpospora pleiomorpha
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actibactersediminis.shtml	Actibacter sediminis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoalloteichuscyanogriseus.shtml	Actinoalloteichus cyanogriseus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoalloteichushymeniacidonis.shtml	Actinoalloteichus hymeniacidonis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoalloteichusspitiensis.shtml	Actinoalloteichus spitiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacilluscapsulatus.shtml	Actinobacillus capsulatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacillusdelphinicola.shtml	Actinobacillus delphinicola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacillushominis.shtml	Actinobacillus hominis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacillusindolicus.shtml	Actinobacillus indolicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacilluslignieresii.shtml	Actinobacillus lignieresii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacillusminor.shtml	Actinobacillus minor
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacillusmuris.shtml	Actinobacillus muris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacilluspleuropneumoniae.shtml	Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacillusporcinus.shtml	Actinobacillus porcinus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacillusrossii.shtml	Actinobacillus rossii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacillusscotiae.shtml	Actinobacillus scotiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacillusseminis.shtml	Actinobacillus seminis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacillussuccinogenes.shtml	Actinobacillus succinogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Actinobacillussuis.shtml	Actinobaccillus suis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobacillusureae.shtml	Actinobacillus ureae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobaculummassiliense.shtml	Actinobaculum massiliense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobaculumschaalii.shtml	Actinobaculum schaalii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobaculumsuis.shtml	Actinobaculum suis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinobaculumurinale.shtml	Actinomyces urinale
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinocatenisporarupis.shtml	Actinocatenispora rupis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinocatenisporathailandica.shtml	Actinocatenispora thailandica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinocatenisporasera.shtml	Actinocatenispora sera
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinocoralliaaurantiaca.shtml	Actinocorallia aurantiaca
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinocoralliaaurea.shtml	Actinocorallia aurea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinocoralliacavernae.shtml	Actinocorallia cavernae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinocoralliaglomerata.shtml	Actinocorallia glomerata
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinocoralliaherbida.shtml	Actinocorallia herbida
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinocorallialibanotica.shtml	Actinocorallia libanotica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinocorallialongicatena.shtml	Actinocorallia longicatena
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduraalba.shtml	Actinomadura alba
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduraatramentaria.shtml	Actinomadura atramentaria
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomadurabangladeshensis.shtml	Actinomadura bangladeshensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduracatellatispora.shtml	Actinomadura catellatispora
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomadurachibensis.shtml	Actinomadura chibensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomadurachokoriensis.shtml	Actinomadura chokoriensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduracitrea.shtml	Actinomadura citrea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduracoerulea.shtml	Actinomadura coerulea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduraechinospora.shtml	Actinomadura echinospora
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomadurafibrosa.shtml	Actinomadura fibrosa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduraformosensis.shtml	Actinomadura formosensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomadurahibisca.shtml	Actinomadura hibisca
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomadurakijaniata.shtml	Actinomadura kijaniata
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduralatina.shtml	Actinomadura latina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduralivida.shtml	Actinomadura livida
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduraluteofluorescens.shtml	Actinomadura luteofluorescens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduramacra.shtml	Actinomadura macra
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduramadurae.shtml	Actinomadura madurae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduraoligospora.shtml	Actinomadura oligospora
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomadurapelletieri.shtml	Actinomadura pelletieri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomadurarubrobrunea.shtml	Actinomadura rubrobrunea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomadurarugatobispora.shtml	Actinomadura rugatobispora
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduraumbrina.shtml	Actinomadura umbrina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduraverrucosospora.shtml	Actinomadura verrucosospora
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduravinacea.shtml	Actinomadura vinacea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduraviridilutea.shtml	Actinomadura viridilutea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomaduraviridis.shtml	Actinomadura viridis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomadurayumaensis.shtml	Actinomadura yumaensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesbovis.shtml	Actinomyces bovis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesdenticolens.shtml	Actinomyces denticolens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomyceseuropaeus.shtml	Actinomyces europaeus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesgeorgiae.shtml	Actinomyces georgiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesgerencseriae.shtml	Actinomyces gerencseriae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomyceshordeovulneris.shtml	Actinomyces hordeovulneris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomyceshowellii.shtml	Actinomyces howellii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomyceshyovaginalis.shtml	Actinomyces hyovaginalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesisraelii.shtml	Actinomyces israelii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesjohnsonii.shtml	Actinomyces johnsonii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesmeyeri.shtml	Actinomyces meyeri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesnaeslundii.shtml	Actinomyces naeslundii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesneuii.shtml	Actinomyces neuii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesodontolyticus.shtml	Actinomyces odontolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesoris.shtml	Actinomyces oris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesradingae.shtml	Actinomyces radingae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesslackii.shtml	Actinomyces slackii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesturicensis.shtml	Actinomyces turicensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinomycesviscosus.shtml	Actinomyces viscosus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesauranticolor.shtml	Actinoplanes auranticolor
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesbrasiliensis.shtml	Actinoplanes brasiliensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesconsettensis.shtml	Actinoplanes consettensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesdeccanensis.shtml	Actinoplanes deccanensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesderwentensis.shtml	Actinoplanes derwentensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesdigitatis.shtml	Actinoplanes digitatis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesdurhamensis.shtml	Actinoplanes durhamensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesferrugineus.shtml	Actinoplanes ferrugineus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesglobisporus.shtml	Actinoplanes globisporus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplaneshumidus.shtml	Actinoplanes humidus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesitalicus.shtml	Actinoplanes italicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesliguriensis.shtml	Actinoplanes liguriensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplaneslobatus.shtml	Actinoplanes lobatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesmissouriensis.shtml	Actinoplanes missouriensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanespalleronii.shtml	Actinoplanes palleronii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesphilippinensis.shtml	Actinoplanes philippinensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesrectilineatus.shtml	Actinoplanes rectilineatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesregularis.shtml	Actinoplanes regularis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesteichomyceticus.shtml	Actinoplanes teichomyceticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinoplanesutahensis.shtml	Actinoplanes utahensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinopolysporahalophila.shtml	Actinopolyspora halophila
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinopolysporamortivallis.shtml	Actinopolyspora mortivallis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinosynnemamirum.shtml	Actinosynnema mirum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Actinotaleafermentans.shtml	Actinotalea fermentans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aerococcussanguinicola.shtml	Aerococcus sanguinicola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aerococcusurinae.shtml	Aerococcus urinae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aerococcusurinaeequi.shtml	Aerococcus urinaeequi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aerococcusurinaehominis.shtml	Aerococcus urinaehominis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aerococcusviridans.shtml	Aerococcus viridans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromicrobiumerythreum.shtml	Aeromicrobium erythreum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromonasallosaccharophila.shtml	Aeromonas allosaccharophila
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromonasbestiarum.shtml	Aeromonas bestiarum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Aeromonascaviae.shtml	Aeromonas caviae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromonasencheleia.shtml	Aeromonas encheleia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromonasenteropelogenes.shtml	Aeromonas enteropelogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromonaseucrenophila.shtml	Aeromonas eucrenophila
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromonasichthiosmia.shtml	Aeromonas ichthiosmia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromonasjandaei.shtml	Aeromonas jandaei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromonasmedia.shtml	Aeromonas media
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromonaspopoffii.shtml	Aeromonas popoffii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromonassobria.shtml	Aeromonas sobria
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aeromonasveronii.shtml	Aeromonas veronii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Agrobacteriumgelatinovorum.shtml	Agrobacterium gelatinovorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Agrococcuscitreus.shtml	Agrococcus citreus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Agrococcusjenensis.shtml	Agrococcus jenensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Agromonasoligotrophica.shtml	Agromonas oligotrophica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Agromycesfucosus.shtml	Agromyces fucosus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Agromyceshippuratus.shtml	Agromyces hippuratus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Agromycesluteolus.shtml	Agromyces luteolus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Agromycesmediolanus.shtml	Agromyces mediolanus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Agromycesramosus.shtml	Agromyces ramosus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Agromycesrhizospherae.shtml	Agromyces rhizospherae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Akkermansiamuciniphila.shtml	Akkermansia muciniphila
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Albidiferaxferrireducens.shtml	Albidiferax ferrireducens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Albidovuluminexpectatum.shtml	Albidovulum inexpectatum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Alcaligenesdenitrificans.shtml	Alcaligenes denitrificans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Alcaligenesfaecalis.shtml	Alcaligenes faecalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alcanivoraxborkumensis.shtml	Alcanivorax borkumensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alcanivoraxjadensis.shtml	Alcanivorax jadensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Algicolabacteriolytica.shtml	Algicola bacteriolytica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alicyclobacillusdisulfidooxidans.shtml	Alicyclobacillus disulfidooxidans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alicyclobacillussendaiensis.shtml	Alicyclobacillus sendaiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alicyclobacillusvulcanalis.shtml	Alicyclobacillus vulcanalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alishewanellafetalis.shtml	Alishewanella fetalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alkalibacillushaloalkaliphilus.shtml	Alkalibacillus haloalkaliphilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alkalilimnicolaehrlichii.shtml	Alkalilimnicola ehrlichii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alkaliphilusoremlandii.shtml	Alkaliphilus oremlandii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alkaliphilustransvaalensis.shtml	Alkaliphilus transvaalensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Allochromatiumvinosum.shtml	Allochromatium vinosum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alloiococcusotitis.shtml	Alloiococcus otitis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Allokutzneriaalbata.shtml	Allokutzneria albata
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Altererythrobacterishigakiensis.shtml	Altererythrobacter ishigakiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Alteromonashaloplanktis.shtml	Altermonas haloplanktis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Alteromonasmacleodii.shtml	Altermonas macleodii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alysiellacrassa.shtml	Alysiella crassa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Alysiellafiliformis.shtml	Alysiella filiformis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aminobacteraganoensis.shtml	Aminobacter aganoensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aminobacteraminovorans.shtml	Aminobacter aminovorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aminobacterniigataensis.shtml	Aminobacter niigataensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aminobacteriummobile.shtml	Aminobacterium mobile
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aminomonaspaucivorans.shtml	Aminomonas paucivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ammoniphilusoxalaticus.shtml	Ammoniphilus oxalaticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ammoniphilusoxalivorans.shtml	Ammoniphilus oxalivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amphibacillusxylanus.shtml	Amphibacillus xylanus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amphriteabalenae.shtml	Amphritea balenae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amphriteajaponica.shtml	Amphritea japonica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amycolatopsisalba.shtml	Amycolatopsis alba
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amycolatopsisalbidoflavus.shtml	Amycolatopsis albidoflavus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amycolatopsisazurea.shtml	Amycolatopsis azurea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amycolatopsiscoloradensis.shtml	Amycolatopsis coloradensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amycolatopsislurida.shtml	Amycolatopsis lurida
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amycolatopsismediterranei.shtml	Amycolatopsis mediterranei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amycolatopsisrifamycinica.shtml	Amycolatopsis rifamycinica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amycolatopsisrubida.shtml	Amycolatopsis rubida
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amycolatopsissulphurea.shtml	Amycolatopsis sulphurea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Amycolatopsistolypomycina.shtml	Amycolatopsis tolypomycina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Anabaenacylindrica.shtml	Anabaena cylindrica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Anabaenaflos-aquae.shtml	Anabaena flos-aquae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Anabaenavariabilis.shtml	Anabaena variabilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaeroarcusburkinensis.shtml	Anaeroarcus burkinensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerobaculummobile.shtml	Anaerobaculum mobile
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerobiospirillumsucciniciproducens.shtml	Anaerobiospirillum succiniciproducens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerobiospirillumthomasii.shtml	Anaerobiospirillum thomasii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerococcushydrogenalis.shtml	Anaerococcus hydrogenalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerococcuslactolyticus.shtml	Anaerococcus lactolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerococcusprevotii.shtml	Anaerococcus prevotii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerococcustetradius.shtml	Anaerococcus tetradius
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerococcusvaginalis.shtml	Anaerococcus vaginalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerofustisstercorihominis.shtml	Anaerofustis stercorihominis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaeromusaacidaminophila.shtml	Anaeromusa acidaminophila
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaeromyxobacterdehalogenans.shtml	Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerorhabdusfurcosa.shtml	Anaerorhabdus furcosa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerosinusglycerini.shtml	Anaerosinus glycerini
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anaerovirgulamultivorans.shtml	Anaerovirgula multivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ancalomicrobiumadetum.shtml	Ancalomicrobium adetum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ancylobacteraquaticus.shtml	Ancylobacter aquaticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aneurinibacillusaneurinilyticus.shtml	Aneurinibacillus aneurinilyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aneurinibacillusmigulanus.shtml	Aneurinibacillus migulanus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aneurinibacillusthermoaerophilus.shtml	Aneurinibacillus thermoaerophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Angiococcusdisciformis.shtml	Angiococcus disciformis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Angulomicrobiumtetraedrale.shtml	Angulomicrobium tetraedrale
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Anoxybacilluspushchinoensis.shtml	Anoxybacillus pushchinoensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aquabacteriumcommune.shtml	Aquabacterium commune
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aquabacteriumparvum.shtml	Aquabacterium parvum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aquaspirillumpolymorphum.shtml	Aquaspirillum polymorphum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aquaspirillumputridiconchylium.shtml	Aquaspirillum putridiconchylium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Aquaspirillumserpens.shtml	Aquaspirillum serpens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aquimarinalatercula.shtml	Aquimarina latercula
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arcanobacteriumhaemolyticum.shtml	Arcanobacterium haemolyticum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arcanobacteriumpyogenes.shtml	Arcanobacterium pyogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Archangiumgephyra.shtml	Archangium gephyra
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arcobacterbutzleri.shtml	Arcobacter butzleri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arcobactercryaerophilus.shtml	Arcobacter cryaerophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arcobacterhalophilus.shtml	Arcobacter halophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arcobacternitrofigilis.shtml	Arcobacter nitrofigilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arcobacterskirrowii.shtml	Arcobacter skirrowii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arhodomonasaquaeolei.shtml	Arhodomonas aquaeolei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arsenophonusnasoniae.shtml	Arsenophonus nasoniae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacteragilis.shtml	Arthrobacter agilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacteralbus.shtml	Arthrobacter albus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Arthrobacteraurescens.shtml	Arthrobacter aurescens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterchlorophenolicus.shtml	Arthrobacter chlorophenolicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Arthrobactercitreus.shtml	Arthrobacter citreus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobactercrystallopoietes.shtml	Arthrobacter crystallopoietes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobactercumminsii.shtml	Arthrobacter cumminsii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterglobiformis.shtml	Arthrobacter globiformis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterhistidinolovorans.shtml	Arthrobacter histidinolovorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterilicis.shtml	Arthrobacter ilicis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Arthrobacterluteus.shtml	Arthrobacter luteus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobactermethylotrophus.shtml	Arthrobacter methylotrophus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobactermysorens.shtml	Arthrobacter mysorens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacternicotianae.shtml	Arthrobacter nicotianae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacternicotinovorans.shtml	Arthrobacter nicotinovorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacteroxydans.shtml	Arthrobacter oxydans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterpascens.shtml	Arthrobacter pascens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterphenanthrenivorans.shtml	Arthrobacter phenanthrenivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterpolychromogenes.shtml	Arthrobacter polychromogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Arthrobacterprotophormiae.shtml	Atrhrobacter protophormiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterpsychrolactophilus.shtml	Arthrobacter psychrolactophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterramosus.shtml	Arthrobacter ramosus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobactersulfonivorans.shtml	Arthrobacter sulfonivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobactersulfureus.shtml	Arthrobacter sulfureus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacteruratoxydans.shtml	Arthrobacter uratoxydans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterureafaciens.shtml	Arthrobacter ureafaciens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterviscosus.shtml	Arthrobacter viscosus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Arthrobacterwoluwensis.shtml	Arthrobacter woluwensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Asaiabogorensis.shtml	Asaia bogorensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Asanoaferruginea.shtml	Asanoa ferruginea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Asticcacaulisbiprosthecium.shtml	Asticcacaulis biprosthecium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Asticcacaulisexcentricus.shtml	Asticcacaulis excentricus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Atopobacterphocae.shtml	Atopobacter phocae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Atopobiumfossor.shtml	Atopobium fossor
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Atopobiumminutum.shtml	Atopobium minutum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Atopobiumparvulum.shtml	Atopobium parvulum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Atopobiumrimae.shtml	Atopobium rimae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Atopobiumvaginae.shtml	Atopobium vaginae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Aureobacteriumbarkeri.shtml	Aureobacterium barkeri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Aureobacteriumliquefaciens.shtml	Aurobacterium liquefaciens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Avibacteriumavium.shtml	Avibacterium avium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Avibacteriumgallinarum.shtml	Avibacterium gallinarum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Haemophilusgallinarum.shtml	Avibacterium paragallinarum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Avibacteriumvolantium.shtml	Avibacterium volantium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azoarcusindigens.shtml	Azoarcus indigens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azoarcustolulyticus.shtml	Azoarcus tolulyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azoarcustoluvorans.shtml	Azoarcus toluvorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azohydromonasaustralica.shtml	Azohydromonas australica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azohydromonaslata.shtml	Azohydromonas lata
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azomonasagilis.shtml	Azomonas agilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azomonasinsignis.shtml	Azomonas insignis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azomonasmacrocytogenes.shtml	Azomonas macrocytogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azorhizobiumcaulinodans.shtml	Azorhizobium caulinodans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azorhizophiluspaspali.shtml	Azorhizophilus paspali
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azospirillumbrasilense.shtml	Azospirillum brasilense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azospirillumhalopraeferens.shtml	Azospirillum halopraeferens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azospirillumirakense.shtml	Azospirillum irakense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azotobacterbeijerinckii.shtml	Azotobacter beijerinckii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azotobacterchroococcum.shtml	Azotobacter chroococcum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azotobacternigricans.shtml	Azotobacter nigricans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azotobactersalinestris.shtml	Azotobacter salinestris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Azotobactervinelandii.shtml	Azotobacter vinelandii
##B 259
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusacidiceler.shtml	Bacillus acidiceler
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusacidicola.shtml	Bacillus acidicola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusagaradhaerens.shtml	Bacillus agaradhaerens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusaidingensis.shtml	Bacillus aidingensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusakibai.shtml	Bacillus akibai
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusalcalophilus.shtml	Bacillus alcalophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusalkalidiazotrophicus.shtml	Bacillus alkalidiazotrophicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusalkalitelluris.shtml	Bacillus alkalitelluris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusaltitudinis.shtml	Bacillus altitudinis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusamyloliquefaciens.shtml	Bacillus amyloliquefaciens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusaneurinolyticus.shtml	Bacillus aneurinolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusaquaemaris.shtml	Bacillus aquaemaris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusatrophaeus.shtml	Bacillus atrophaeus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusazotoformans.shtml	Bacillus azotoformans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusbadius.shtml	Bacillus badius
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusbenzoevorans.shtml	Bacillus benzoevorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusbrevis.shtml	Bacillus brevis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluscaldolyticus.shtml	Bacillus caldolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluscentrosporus.shtml	Bacillus centrosporus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluscereus.shtml	Bacillus cereus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluscirculans.shtml	Bacillus circulans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusclarkii.shtml	Bacillus clarkii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluscoagulans.shtml	Bacillus coagulans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacilluscohnii.shtml	Bacillus cohnii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusfastidiosus.shtml	Bacillus fastidiosus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusfirmus.shtml	Bacillus firmus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusflexus.shtml	Bacillus flexus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusfusiformis.shtml	Bacillus fusiformis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusgalactophilus.shtml	Bacillus galactophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusgibsonii.shtml	Bacillus gibsonii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusglobigii.shtml	Bacillus globigii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillushalmapalus.shtml	Bacillus halmapalus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillushalodurans.shtml	Bacillus halodurans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillushorikoshii.shtml	Bacillus horikoshii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillushorti.shtml	Bacillus horti
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluslaterosporus.shtml	Bacillus laterosporus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluslentus.shtml	Bacillus lentus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluslicheniformis.shtml	Bacillus licheniformis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusmegaterium.shtml	Bacillus megaterium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusmethanolicus.shtml	Bacillus methanolicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusmojavensis.shtml	Bacillus mojavensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusmycoides.shtml	Bacillus mycoides
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusnealsonii.shtml	Bacillus nealsonii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusoleronius.shtml	Bacillus oleronius
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluspantothenticus.shtml	Bacillus pantothenticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacilluspatagoniensis.shtml	Bacillus patagoniensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacilluspseudalcaliphilus.shtml	Bacillus pseudalcaliphilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacilluspseudofirmus.shtml	Bacillus pseudofirmus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacilluspsychrodurans.shtml	Bacillus psychrodurans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacilluspsychrosaccharolyticus.shtml	Bacillus psychrosaccharolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluspumilus.shtml	Bacillus pumilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillussafensis.shtml	Bacillus safensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusschlegelii.shtml	Bacillus schlegelii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusselenitireducens.shtml	Bacillus selenitireducens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillussimplex.shtml	Bacillus simplex
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillussmithii.shtml	Bacillus smithii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillussphaericus.shtml	Bacillus sphaericus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusstearothermophilus.shtml	Bacillus stearothermophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusstratosphericus.shtml	Bacillus stratosphericus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillussubterraneus.shtml	Bacillus subterraneus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillussubtilis.shtml	Bacillus subtilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillustequilensis.shtml	Bacillus tequilensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusthermoantarcticus.shtml	Bacillus thermoantarcticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacillusthermocloacae.shtml	Bacillus thermocloacae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusthermoglucosidasius.shtml	Bacillus thermoglucosidasius
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteriovoraxstolpii.shtml	Bacteriovorax stolpii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacteroidescaccae.shtml	Bacteroides caccae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidescoagulans.shtml	Bacteroides coagulans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroideseggerthii.shtml	Bacteroides eggerthii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacteroidesfragilis.shtml	Bacteroides fragilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidesgalacturonicus.shtml	Bacteroides galacturonicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroideshelcogenes.shtml	Bacteroides helcogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidesovatus.shtml	Bacteroides ovatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidespectinophilus.shtml	Bacteroides pectinophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidespyogenes.shtml	Bacteroides pyogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidessalyersiae.shtml	Bacteroides salyersiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidesstercoris.shtml	Bacteroides stercoris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidessuis.shtml	Bacteroides suis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidestectus.shtml	Bacteroides tectus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidesthetaiotaomicron.shtml	Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidesuniformis.shtml	Bacteroides uniformis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidesureolyticus.shtml	Bacteroides ureolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bacteroidesvulgatus.shtml	Bacteroides vulgatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Balneariumlithotrophicum.shtml	Balnearium lithotrophicum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Balneatrixalpica.shtml	Balneatrix alpica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Balneolavulgaris.shtml	Balneola vulgaris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Barnesiellaviscericola.shtml	Barnesiella viscericola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bartonellaalsatica.shtml	Bartonella alsatica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bartonellabacilliformis.shtml	Bartonella bacilliformis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bartonellaclarridgeiae.shtml	Bartonella clarridgeiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bartonelladoshiae.shtml	Bartonella doshiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bartonellaelizabethae.shtml	Bartonella elizabethae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bartonellagrahamii.shtml	Bartonella grahamii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bartonellahenselae.shtml	Bartonella henselae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bartonellarochalimae.shtml	Bartonella rochalimae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bartonellavinsonii.shtml	Bartonella vinsonii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bavariicoccusseileri.shtml	Bavariicoccus seileri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bdellovibriobacteriovorus.shtml	Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bdellovibrioexovorus.shtml	Bdellovibrio exovorus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Beggiatoaalba.shtml	Beggiatoa alba
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Beijerinckiaderxii.shtml	Beijerinckia derxii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Beijerinckiafluminensis.shtml	Beijerinckia fluminensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Beijerinckiaindica.shtml	Beijerinckia indica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Beijerinckiamobilis.shtml	Beijerinckia mobilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Belliellabaltica.shtml	Belliella baltica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bellilineacaldifistulae.shtml	Bellilinea caldifistulae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Belnapiamoabensis.shtml	Belnapia moabensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Neisseriadenitrificans.shtml	Bergeriella denitrificans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Beutenbergiacavernae.shtml	Beutenbergia cavernae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bibersteiniatrehalosi.shtml	Bibersteinia trehalosi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumadolescentis.shtml	Bifidobacterium adolescentis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumangulatum.shtml	Bifidobacterium angulatum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumanimalis.shtml	Bifidobacterium animalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumasteroides.shtml	Bifidobacterium asteroides
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumbifidum.shtml	Bifidobacterium bifidum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumboum.shtml	Bifidobacterium boum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bifidobacteriumbreve.shtml	Bifidobacterium breve
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumcatenulatum.shtml	Bifidobacterium catenulatum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumchoerinum.shtml	Bifidobacterium choerinum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumcoryneforme.shtml	Bifidobacterium coryneforme
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumcuniculi.shtml	Bifidobacterium cuniculi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumdentium.shtml	Bifidobacterium dentium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumgallicum.shtml	Bifidobacterium gallicum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumgallinarum.shtml	Bifidobacterium gallinarum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumindicum.shtml	Bifidobacterium indicum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumlongum.shtml	Bifidobacterium longum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriummagnum.shtml	Bifidobacterium magnum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriummerycicum.shtml	Bifidobacterium merycicum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumminimum.shtml	Bifidobacterium minimum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumpseudocatenulatum.shtml	Bifidobacterium pseudocatenulatum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumpseudolongum.shtml	Bifidobacterium pseudolongum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumpullorum.shtml	Bifidobacterium pullorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumruminantium.shtml	Bifidobacterium ruminantium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumsaeculare.shtml	Bifidobacterium saeculare
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumsubtile.shtml	Bifidobacterium subtile
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bifidobacteriumthermophilum.shtml	Bifidobacterium thermophilum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bilophilawadsworthia.shtml	Bilophila wadsworthia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Biostraticolatofi.shtml	Biostraticola tofi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bizioniaargentinensis.shtml	Bizionia argentinensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Blastobactercapsulatus.shtml	Blastobacter capsulatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Blastobacterdenitrificans.shtml	Blastobacter denitrificans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Blastococcusaggregatus.shtml	Blastococcus aggregatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Blastococcussaxobsidens.shtml	Blastococcus saxobsidens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Blastochlorisviridis.shtml	Blastochloris viridis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Blastomonasnatatoria.shtml	Blastomonas natatoria
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Blastopirellulamarina.shtml	Blastopirellula marina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Blautiacoccoides.shtml	Blautia coccoides
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Blautiahansenii.shtml	Blautia hansenii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Blautiaproducta.shtml	Blautia producta
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Blautiawexlerae.shtml	Blautia wexlerae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bogoriellacaseilytica.shtml	Bogoriella caseilytica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bordetellaavium.shtml	Bordetella avium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bordetellabronchiseptica.shtml	Bordetella bronchiseptica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bordetellahinzii.shtml	Bordetella hinzii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bordetellaholmesii.shtml	Bordetella holmesii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bordetellaparapertussis.shtml	Bordetella parapertussis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bordetellapertussis.shtml	Bordetella pertussis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bordetellapetrii.shtml	Bordetella petrii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bordetellatrematum.shtml	Bordetella trematum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Borreliaafzelii.shtml	Borrelia afzelii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Borreliaamericana.shtml	Borrelia americana
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Borreliaburgdorferi.shtml	Borrelia burgdorferi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Borreliacarolinensis.shtml	Borrelia carolinensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Borreliacoriaceae.shtml	Borrelia coriaceae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Borreliagarinii.shtml	Borrelia garinii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Borreliajaponica.shtml	Borrelia japonica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Boseaminatitlanensis.shtml	Bosea minatitlanensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Boseathiooxidans.shtml	Bosea thiooxidans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brachybacteriumalimentarium.shtml	Brachybacterium alimentarium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brachybacteriumfaecium.shtml	Brachybacterium faecium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brachybacteriumparaconglomeratum.shtml	Brachybacterium paraconglomeratum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brachybacteriumrhamnosum.shtml	Brachybacterium rhamnosum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brachybacteriumtyrofermentans.shtml	Brachybacterium tyrofermentans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brachyspiraalvinipulli.shtml	Brachyspira alvinipulli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brachyspirahyodysenteriae.shtml	Brachyspira hyodysenteriae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brachyspirainnocens.shtml	Brachyspira innocens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brachyspiramurdochii.shtml	Brachyspira murdochii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brachyspirapilosicoli.shtml	Brachyspira pilosicoli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bradyrhizobiumcanariense.shtml	Bradyrhizobium canariense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bradyrhizobiumelkanii.shtml	Bradyrhizobium elkanii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bradyrhizobiumjaponicum.shtml	Bradyrhizobium japonicum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bradyrhizobiumliaoningense.shtml	Bradyrhizobium liaoningense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brenneriaalni.shtml	Brenneria alni
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brennerianigrifluens.shtml	Brenneria nigrifluens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brenneriaquercina.shtml	Brenneria quercina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brenneriarubrifaciens.shtml	Brenneria quercina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brenneriasalicis.shtml	Brenneria salicis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacillusagri.shtml	Brevibacillus agri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacillusborstelensis.shtml	Brevibacillus borstelensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusbrevis.shtml	Brevibacillus brevis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluscentrosporus.shtml	Brevibacillus centrosporus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacilluschoshinensis.shtml	Brevibacillus choshinensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacillusinvocatus.shtml	Brevibacillus invocatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluslaterosporus.shtml	Brevibacillus laterosporus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacillusparabrevis.shtml	Brevibacillus parabrevis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacillusreuszeri.shtml	Brevibacillus reuszeri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Brevibacteriumalbidum.shtml	Brevibacterium abidum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriumalbum.shtml	Brevibacterium album
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriumaurantiacum.shtml	Brevibacterium aurantiacum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriumcelere.shtml	Brevibacterium celere
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriumepidermidis.shtml	Brevibacterium epidermidis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriumfrigoritolerans.shtml	Brevibacterium frigoritolerans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriumhalotolerans.shtml	Brevibacterium halotolerans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriumiodinum.shtml	Brevibacterium iodinum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Brevibacteriumlinens.shtml	Brevibacterium linens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriumlyticum.shtml	Brevibacterium lyticum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriummcbrellneri.shtml	Brevibacterium mcbrellneri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriumotitidis.shtml	Brevibacterium otitidis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Brevibacteriumoxydans.shtml	Brevibacterium oxydans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriumpaucivorans.shtml	Brevibacterium paucivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevibacteriumstationis.shtml	Brevibacterium stationis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevinemaandersonii.shtml	Brevinema andersonii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevundimonasalba.shtml	Brevundimonas alba
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevundimonasaurantiaca.shtml	Brevundimonas aurantiaca
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Brevundimonasdiminuta.shtml	 Brevundimonas diminuta
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevundimonasintermedia.shtml	Brevundimonas intermedia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevundimonassubvibrioides.shtml	Brevundimonas subvibrioides
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevundimonasvancanneytii.shtml	Brevundimonas vancanneytii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brevundimonasvariabilis.shtml	Brevundimonas variabilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Brevundimonasvesicularis.shtml	Brevundimonas vesicularis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brochothrixcampestris.shtml	Brochothrix campestris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brochothrixthermosphacta.shtml	Brochothrix thermosphacta
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brucellacanis.shtml	Brucella canis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Brucellaneotomae.shtml	Brucella neotomae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Bryobacteraggregatus.shtml	Bryobacter aggregatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiaambifaria.shtml	Burkholderia ambifaria
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiaandropogonis.shtml	Burkholderia andropogonis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiaanthina.shtml	Burkholderia anthina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiacaledonica.shtml	Burkholderia caledonica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiacaryophylli.shtml	Burkholderia caryophylli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiacenocepacia.shtml	Burkholderia cenocepacia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiacepacia.shtml	Burkholderia cepacia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiacocovenenans.shtml	Burkholderia cocovenenans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiadolosa.shtml	Burkholderia dolosa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiafungorum.shtml	Burkholderia fungorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiaglathei.shtml	Burkholderia glathei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiaglumae.shtml	Burkholderia glumae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiagraminis.shtml	Burkholderia graminis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiakururiensis.shtml	Burkholderia kururiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiamultivorans.shtml	Burkholderia multivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiaphenazinium.shtml	Burkholderia phenazinium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiaplantarii.shtml	Burkholderia plantarii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiapyrrocinia.shtml	Burkholderia pyrrocinia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiasilvatlantica.shtml	Burkholderia silvatlantica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiastabilis.shtml	Burkholderia stabilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiathailandensis.shtml	Burkholderia thailandensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiatropica.shtml	Burkholderia tropica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiaunamae.shtml	Burkholderia unamae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Burkholderiavietnamiensis.shtml	Burkholderia vietnamiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Buttiauxellaagrestis.shtml	Buttiauxella agrestis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Buttiauxellabrennerae.shtml	Buttiauxella brennerae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Buttiauxellaferragutiae.shtml	Buttiauxella ferragutiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Buttiauxellagaviniae.shtml	Buttiauxella gaviniae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Buttiauxellaizardii.shtml	Buttiauxella izardii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Buttiauxellanoackiae.shtml	Buttiauxella noackiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Buttiauxellawarmboldiae.shtml	Buttiauxella warmboldiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Butyrivibriofibrisolvens.shtml	Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Butyrivibriohungatei.shtml	Butyrivibrio hungatei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Butyrivibrioproteoclasticus.shtml	Butyrivibrio proteoclasticus
##C 63
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Caenimonaskoreensis.shtml	Caenimonas koreensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Caldalkalibacillusuzonensis.shtml	Caldalkalibacillus uzonensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Caldanaerobactersubterraneus.shtml	Caldanaerobacter subterraneus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Caldanaerobiusfijiensis.shtml	Caldanaerobius fijiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Caldanaerobiuspolysaccharolyticus.shtml	Caldanaerobius polysaccharolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Caldanaerobiuszeae.shtml	Caldanaerobius zeae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Caldanaerovirgaacetigignens.shtml	Caldanaerovirga acetigignens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Caldicellulosiruptorbescii.shtml	Caldicellulosiruptor bescii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Caldicellulosiruptorkristjanssonii.shtml	Caldicellulosiruptor kristjanssonii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Caldicellulosiruptorowensensis.shtml	Caldicellulosiruptor owensensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobactercoli.shtml	Campylobacter coli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobacterconcisus.shtml	Campylobacter concisus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobactercurvus.shtml	Campylobacter curvus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobacterfetus.shtml	Campylobacter fetus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobactergracilis.shtml	Campylobacter gracilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobacterhelveticus.shtml	Campylobacter helveticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobacterhominis.shtml	Campylobacter hominis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobacterhyointestinalis.shtml	Campylobacter hyointestinalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobacterjejuni.shtml	Campylobacter jejuni
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobacterlari.shtml	Campylobacter lari
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobactermucosalis.shtml	Campylobacter mucosalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobacterrectus.shtml	Campylobacter rectus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobactershowae.shtml	Campylobacter showae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobactersputorum.shtml	Campylobacter sputorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Campylobacterupsaliensis.shtml	Campylobacter upsaliensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Capnocytophagacanimorsus.shtml	Capnocytophaga canimorsus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Capnocytophagacynodegmi.shtml	Capnocytophaga cynodegmi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Capnocytophagagingivalis.shtml	Capnocytophaga gingivalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Capnocytophagagranulosa.shtml	Capnocytophaga granulosa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Capnocytophagahaemolytica.shtml	Capnocytophaga haemolytica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Capnocytophagaochracea.shtml	Capnocytophaga ochracea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Capnocytophagasputigena.shtml	Capnocytophaga sputigena
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Cardiobacteriumhominis.shtml	Cardiobacterium hominis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Carnimonasnigrificans.shtml	Carnimonas nigrificans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Carnobacteriumalterfunditum.shtml	Carnobacterium alterfunditum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Carnobacteriumdivergens.shtml	Carnobacterium divergens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Carnobacteriumfunditum.shtml	Carnobacterium funditum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Carnobacteriumgallinarum.shtml	Carnobacterium gallinarum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Carnobacteriummaltaromaticum.shtml	Carnobacterium maltaromaticum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Carnobacteriummobile.shtml	Carnobacterium mobile
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Carnobacteriumviridans.shtml	Carnobacterium viridans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Caryophanonlatum.shtml	Caryophanon latum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Caryophanontenue.shtml	Caryophanon tenue
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Catellatosporacitrea.shtml	Catellatospora citrea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Catellatosporamethionotrophica.shtml	Catellatospora methionotrophica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Catenococcusthiocycli.shtml	Catenococcus thiocycli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Catenuloplanesatrovinosus.shtml	Catenuloplanes atrovinosus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Catenuloplanescastaneus.shtml	Catenuloplanes castaneus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Catenuloplanescastaneus.shtml	Catenuloplanes crispus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Catenuloplanesindicus.shtml	Catenuloplanes indicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Catenuloplanesjaponicus.shtml	Catenuloplanes japonicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Catenuloplanesnepalensis.shtml	Catenuloplanes nepalensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Catenuloplanesniger.shtml	Catenuloplanes niger
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Flavobacteriumbalustinum.shtml	Chryseobacterium balustinum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Citrobacterfreundii.shtml	Citrobacter freundii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Clostridiumacetobutylicum.shtml	Clostridium acetobutylicum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Clostridiumformicoaceticum.shtml	Clostridium formicoaceticum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Clostridiumsporogenes.shtml	Clostridium sporogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Coccochloriselabens.shtml	Coccochloris elabens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Corynebacteriumflavescens.shtml	Corynebacterium flavescens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Corynebacteriumvariabile.shtml	Corynebacterium variabile
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Brevibacteriumalbidum.shtml	Curtobacterium albidum 
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Curtobacteriumcitreus.shtml	Curtobacterium citreus
##D 16
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Dactylosporangiumaurantiacum.shtml	Dactylosporangium aurantiacum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Dactylosporangiumfulvum.shtml	Dactylosporangium fulvum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Dactylosporangiummatsuzakiense.shtml	Dactylosporangium matsuzakiense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Dactylosporangiumroseum.shtml	Dactylosporangium roseum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Dactylosporangiumthailandense.shtml	Dactylosporangium thailandense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Dactylosporangiumvinaceum.shtml	Dactylosporangium vinaceum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Deinococcusaerius.shtml	Deinococcus aerius
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Deinococcusapachensis.shtml	Deinococcus apachensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Deinococcusaquaticus.shtml	Deinococcus aquaticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Deinococcusaquatilis.shtml	Deinococcus aquatilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Deinococcuscaeni.shtml	Deinococcus caeni
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Deinococcusradiodurans.shtml	Deinococcus radiodurans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Deinococcusradiophilus.shtml	Deinococcus radiophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Delftiaacidovorans.shtml	Delftia acidovorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Desulfovibriodesulfuricans.shtml	Desulfovibrio desulfuricans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Diplococcuspneumoniae.shtml	Diplococcus pneumoniae
##E 17
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Echinicolapacifica.shtml	Echinicola pacifica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Echinicolavietnamensis.shtml	Echinicola vietnamensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Enterobacteraerogenes.shtml	Enterobacter aerogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Enterobacteramnigenus.shtml	Enterobacter amnigenus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Enterobacterasburiae.shtml	Enterobacter asburiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Enterobactercancerogenus.shtml	Enterobacter cancerogenus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Enterobactercloacae.shtml	Enterobacter cloacae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Enterobactergergoviae.shtml	Enterobacter gergoviae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Enterobacterhelveticus.shtml	Enterobacter helveticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Enterobacterhormaechei.shtml	Enterobacter hormaechei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Enterobacterkobei.shtml	Enterobacter kobei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Enterobacterludwigii.shtml	Enterobacter ludwigii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Enterococcusdurans.shtml	Enterococcus durans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptococcusfaecalis.shtml	Enterococcus faecalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Enterococcusfaecium.shtml	Enterococcus faecium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Erwiniarhapontici.shtml	Erwinia hapontici
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Escherichiacoli.shtml	Escherichia coli
##F 19
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Faecalibacteriumprausnitzii.shtml	Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Fangiahongkongensis.shtml	Fangia hongkongensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Fastidiosipilasanguinis.shtml	Fastidiosipila sanguinis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Flavobacteriumantarcticum.shtml	Flavobacterium antarcticum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Flavobacteriumaquatile.shtml	Flavobacterium aquatile
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Flavobacteriumaquidurense.shtml	Flavobacterium aquidurense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Flavobacteriumbalustinum.shtml	Flavobacterium balustinum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Flavobacteriumcroceum.shtml	Flavobacterium croceum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Flavobacteriumcucumis.shtml	Flavobacterium cucumis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Flavobacteriumdaejeonense.shtml	Flavobacterium daejeonense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Flavobacteriumdefluvii.shtml	Flavobacterium defluvii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Flavobacteriumdegerlachei.shtml	Flavobacterium degerlachei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Flavobacteriumdenitrificans.shtml	Flavobacterium denitrificans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Flavobacteriumfilum.shtml	Flavobacterium filum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Flavobacteriumflevense.shtml	Flavobacterium flevense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Flavobacteriumfrigidarium.shtml	Flavobacterium frigidarium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Flavobacteriummizutaii.shtml	Flavobacterium mizutaii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Flavobacteriumokeanokoites.shtml	Flavobacterium okeanokoites
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Fusobacteriumnucleatum.shtml	Fusobacterium nucleatum
##G 19
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Gaetbulibactersaemankumensis.shtml	Gaetbulibacter saemankumensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Gallibacteriumanatis.shtml	Gallibacterium anatis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Gallicolabarnesae.shtml	Gallicola barnesae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Garciellanitratireducens.shtml	Garciella nitratireducens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusthermoglucosidasius.shtml	Geobacillus thermoglucosidasius
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusstearothermophilus.shtml	Geobacillus stearothermophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Geobacterbemidjiensis.shtml	Geobacter bemidjiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Geobacterbremensis.shtml	Geobacter bremensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Geobacterchapellei.shtml	Geobacter chapellei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Geobactergrbiciae.shtml	Geobacter grbiciae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Geobacterhydrogenophilus.shtml	Geobacter hydrogenophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Geobacterlovleyi.shtml	Geobacter lovleyi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Geobactermetallireducens.shtml	Geobacter metallireducens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Geobacterpelophilus.shtml	Geobacter pelophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Geobacterpickeringii.shtml	Geobacter pickeringii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Geobactersulfurreducens.shtml	Geobacter sulfurreducens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Geodermatophilusobscurus.shtml	Geodermatophilus obscurus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Acetobacterxylinus.shtml	Gluconacetobacter xylinus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Nocardiacorallina.shtml	Gordonia rubripertincta
##H 16
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Haemophilusaegyptius.shtml	Haemophilus aegyptius
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Haemophilusaphrophilus.shtml	Haemophilus aphrophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Haemophilusfelis.shtml	Haemophilus felis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Haemophilusgallinarum.shtml	Haemophilus gallinarum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Haemophilushaemolyticus.shtml	Haemophilus haemolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Haemophilusinfluenzae.shtml	Haemophilus influenzae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Haemophilusparacuniculus.shtml	Haemophilus paracuniculus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Haemophilusparahaemolyticus.shtml	Haemophilus parahaemolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Haemophilusparainfluenzae.shtml	Haemophilus parainfluenzae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Haemophilusparaphrohaemolyticus.shtml	Haemophilus paraphrohaemolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Haemophilusparasuis.shtml	Haemophilus parasuis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Haemophiluspittmaniae.shtml	Haemophilus pittmaniae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Hafniaalvei.shtml	Hafnia alvei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Hahellaganghwensis.shtml	Hahella ganghwensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Halalkalibacillushalophilus.shtml	Halalkalibacillus halophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Helicobacterpylori.shtml	Helicobacter pylori
##I 15
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ideonellaazotifigens.shtml	Ideonella azotifigens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Idiomarinaabyssalis.shtml	Idiomarina abyssalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Idiomarinabaltica.shtml	Idiomarina baltica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Idiomarinafontislapidosi.shtml	Idiomarina fontislapidosi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Idiomarinaloihiensis.shtml	Idiomarina loihiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Idiomarinaramblicola.shtml	Idiomarina ramblicola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Idiomarinaseosinensis.shtml	Idiomarina seosinensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Idiomarinazobellii.shtml	Idiomarina zobellii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ignatzschinerialarvae.shtml	Ignatzschineria larvae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ignavigranumruoffiae.shtml	Ignavigranum ruoffiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ilumatobacterfluminis.shtml	Ilumatobacter fluminis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ilyobacterdelafieldii.shtml	Ilyobacter delafieldii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ilyobacterinsuetus.shtml	Ilyobacter insuetus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ilyobacterpolytropus.shtml	Ilyobacter polytropus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Ilyobactertartaricus.shtml	Ilyobacter tartaricus
##J 14
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Janibacteranophelis.shtml	Janibacter anophelis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Janibactercorallicola.shtml	Janibacter corallicola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Janibacterlimosus.shtml	Janibacter limosus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Janibactermelonis.shtml	Janibacter melonis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Janibacterterrae.shtml	Janibacter terrae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Jannaschiacystaugens.shtml	Jannaschia cystaugens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Jannaschiahelgolandensis.shtml	Jannaschia helgolandensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Jannaschiapohangensis.shtml	Jannaschia pohangensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Jannaschiarubra.shtml	Jannaschia rubra
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Janthinobacteriumagaricidamnosum.shtml	Janthinobacterium agaricidamnosum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Janthinobacteriumlividum.shtml	Janthinobacterium lividum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Jejuiapallidilutea.shtml	Jejuia pallidilutea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Jeotgalibacillusalimentarius.shtml	Jeotgalibacillus alimentarius
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Jeotgalicoccushalotolerans.shtml	Jeotgalicoccus halotolerans
##K 11
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Kaistiaadipata.shtml	Kaistia adipata
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Kaistiasoli.shtml	Kaistia soli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Kangiellaaquimarina.shtml	Kangiella aquimarina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Kangiellakoreensis.shtml	Kangiella koreensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Kerstersiagyiorum.shtml	Kerstersia gyiorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Kiloniellalaminariae.shtml	Kiloniella laminariae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Klebsiellapneumonia.shtml	Klebsiella pneumonia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Kluyveraascorbata.shtml	Kluyvera ascorbata
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Kocuriarosea.shtml	Kocuria roasea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Kocuriavarians.shtml	 Kocuria varians
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Kurthiazopfii.shtml	Kurthia zopfii
##L 14
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Labedellagwakjiensis.shtml	Labedella gwakjiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Labrenziaaggregata.shtml	Labrenzia aggregata
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Labrenziaalba.shtml	Labrenzia alba
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Labrenziaalexandrii.shtml	Labrenzia alexandrii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Labrenziamarina.shtml	Labrenzia marina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Labrysmethylaminiphilus.shtml	Labrys methylaminiphilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Labrysmiyagiensis.shtml	Labrys miyagiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Labrysmonachus.shtml	Labrys monachus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Labrysokinawensis.shtml	Labrys okinawensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Labrysportucalensis.shtml	Labrys portucalensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Laceyellaputida.shtml	Laceyella putida
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Lechevalieriaaerocolonigenes.shtml	Lechevalieria aerocolonigenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Listeriawelshimeri.shtml	Listeria welshimeri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Listonellaanguillarum.shtml	Listonella anguillarum
##M 15
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Macrococcusbovicus.shtml	Macrococcus bovicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Marinobacteralgicola.shtml	Marinobacter algicola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Marinobacterbryozoorum.shtml	Marinobacter bryozoorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Marinobacterflavimaris.shtml	Marinobacter flavimaris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Meiothermusruber.shtml	Meiothermus ruber
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Methylophilusmethylotrophus.shtml	Methylophilus methylotrophus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Microbacteriumammoniaphilum.shtml	Microbacterium ammoniaphilum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Microbacteriumarborescens.shtml	Microbacterium arborescens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Aureobacteriumliquefaciens.shtml	Microbacterium liquefaciens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Brevibacteriumoxydans.shtml	Microbacterium oxydans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Micrococcusluteus.shtml	Micrococcus luteus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Micrococcuslylae.shtml	Micrococcus lylae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Moraxellabovis.shtml	Moraxella bovis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Moraxellanonliquefaciens.shtml	Moraxella nonliquefaciens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Moraxellaosloensis.shtml	Moraxella osloensis
##N 17
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Nakamurellamultipartita.shtml	Nakamurella multipartita
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Nannocystispusilla.shtml	Nannocystis pusilla
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Natranaerobiusthermophilus.shtml	Natranaerobius thermophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Natranaerobiustrueperi.shtml	Natranaerobius trueperi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Naxibacteralkalitolerans.shtml	Naxibacter alkalitolerans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Neisseriacinerea.shtml	Neisseria cinerea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Neisseriadenitrificans.shtml	Neisseria denitrificans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Neisseriagonorrhoeae.shtml	Neisseria gonorrhoeae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Neisserialactamica.shtml	Neisseria lactamica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Neisseriamucosa.shtml	Neisseria mucosa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Neisseriasicca.shtml	Neisseria sicca
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Neisseriasubflava.shtml	Neisseria subflava
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Neptunomonasjaponica.shtml	Neptunomonas japonica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Nesterenkoniahalobia.shtml	Nesterenkonia holobia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Nocardiaargentinensis.shtml	Nocardia argentinensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Nocardiacorallina.shtml	Nocardia corallina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Nocardiaotitidiscaviarum.shtml	Nocardia otitidiscaviarum
##O 13
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceanibulbusindolifex.shtml	Oceanibulbus indolifex
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceanicaulisalexandrii.shtml	Oceanicaulis alexandrii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceanicolabatsensis.shtml	Oceanicola batsensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceanicolagranulosus.shtml	Oceanicola granulosus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceanicolananhaiensis.shtml	Oceanicola nanhaiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceanimonasbaumannii.shtml	Oceanimonas baumannii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceaniserpentillahaliotis.shtml	Oceaniserpentilla haliotis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceanisphaeradonghaensis.shtml	Oceanisphaera donghaensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceanisphaeralitoralis.shtml	Oceanisphaera litoralis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceanithermusdesulfurans.shtml	Oceanithermus desulfurans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceanithermusprofundus.shtml	Oceanithermus profundus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Oceanobacilluscaeni.shtml	Oceanobacillus caeni
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Oceanospirillumlinum.shtml	Oceanospirillum linum
##P 21
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacillusaneurinolyticus.shtml	Paenibacillus thiaminolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Pantoeaagglomerans.shtml	Pantoea agglomerans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Paracoccusalcaliphilus.shtml	Paracoccus alcaliphilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Paucimonaslemoignei.shtml	Paucimonas lemoignei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Planococcuscitreus.shtml	Planococcus citreus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Flavobacteriumokeanokoites.shtml	Planomicrobium okeanokoites
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Plesiomonasshigelloides.shtml	Plesiomonas shigelloides
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Proteusvulgaris.shtml	Proteus vulgaris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Providenciastuartii.shtml	Providencia stuartii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Pseudomonasaeruginosa.shtml	Pseudomonas aeruginosa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Pseudomonasalcaligenes.shtml	Pseudomonas alcaligenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Pseudomonasanguilliseptica.shtml	Pseudomonas anguillispetica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Pseudomonasfluorescens.shtml	Pseudomonas fluorescens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Alteromonashaloplanktis.shtml	Pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Pseudomonasmendocina.shtml	Pseudomonas mendocina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Pseudomonaspseudoalcaligenes.shtml	Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Pseudomonasputida.shtml	Pseudomonas putida
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Pseudomonasstutzeri.shtml	Pseudomonas tutzeri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Pseudomonassyringae.shtml	Pseudomonas syringae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Psychrobacterfaecalis.shtml	Psychrobacter faecalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Psychrobacterphenylpyruvicus.shtml	Psychrobacter phenylpyruvicus
##Q 3
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Quadrisphaeragranulorum.shtml	Quadrisphaera granulorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Quatrionicoccusaustraliensis.shtml	Quatrionicoccus australiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Quinellaovalis.shtml	Quinella ovalis
##R 16
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ralstoniainsidiosa.shtml	Ralstonia insidiosa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ralstoniamannitolilytica.shtml	Ralstonia mannitolilytica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ralstoniapickettii.shtml	Ralstonia pickettii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ramlibacterhenchirensis.shtml	Ramlibacter henchirensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ramlibactertataouinensis.shtml	Ramlibacter tataouinensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Raoultellaornithinolytica.shtml	Raoultella ornithinolytica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Raoultellaplanticola.shtml	Raoultella planticola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Raoultellaterrigena.shtml	Raoultella terrigena
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Rathayibactercaricis.shtml	Rathayibacter caricis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Rathayibacterfestucae.shtml	Rathayibacter festucae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Rathayibacteriranicus.shtml	Rathayibacter iranicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Rathayibacterrathayi.shtml	Rathayibacter rathayi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Rathayibactertoxicus.shtml	Rathayibacter toxicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Rathayibactertritici.shtml	Rathayibacter tritici
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Rhodobactersphaeroides.shtml	Rhodobacter sphaeroides
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Agrobacteriumgelatinovorum.shtml	Ruegeria gelatinovorans
##S 66
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharococcusthermophilus.shtml	Saccharococcus thermophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharomonosporaazurea.shtml	Saccharomonospora azurea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharomonosporacyanea.shtml	Saccharomonospora cyanea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharomonosporaviridis.shtml	Saccharomonospora viridis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharophagusdegradans.shtml	Saccharophagus degradans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharopolysporaerythraea.shtml	Saccharopolyspora erythraea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharopolysporagregorii.shtml	Saccharopolyspora gregorii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharopolysporahirsuta.shtml	Saccharopolyspora hirsuta
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharopolysporahordei.shtml	Saccharopolyspora hordei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharopolysporarectivirgula.shtml	Saccharopolyspora rectivirgula
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharopolysporaspinosa.shtml	Saccharopolyspora spinosa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharopolysporataberi.shtml	Saccharopolyspora taberi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharothrixaustraliensis.shtml	Saccharothrix australiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharothrixcoeruleofusca.shtml	Saccharothrix coeruleofusca
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharothrixespanaensis.shtml	Saccharothrix espanaensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharothrixlongispora.shtml	Saccharothrix longispora
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharothrixmutabilis.shtml	Saccharothrix mutabilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharothrixsyringae.shtml	Saccharothrix syringae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharothrixtangerinus.shtml	Saccharothrix tangerinus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saccharothrixtexasensis.shtml	Saccharothrix texasensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Sagittulastellata.shtml	Sagittula stellata
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Salegentibactersalegens.shtml	Salegentibacter salegens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Salimicrobiumalbum.shtml	Salimicrobium album
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Salinibacterruber.shtml	Salinibacter ruber
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Salinicoccusalkaliphilus.shtml	Salinicoccus alkaliphilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Salinicoccushispanicus.shtml	Salinicoccus hispanicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Salinicoccusroseus.shtml	Salinicoccus roseus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Salinisporaarenicola.shtml	Salinispora arenicola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Salinisporatropica.shtml	Salinispora tropica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Salinivibriocosticola.shtml	Salinivibrio costicola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Salmonellabongori.shtml	Salmonella bongori
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Salmonellaenterica.shtml	Salmonella enterica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Salmonellasubterranea.shtml	Salmonella subterranea
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Salmonellatyphi.shtml	Salmonella typhi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Sanguibacterkeddieii.shtml	Sanguibacter keddieii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Sanguibactersuarezii.shtml	Sanguibacter suarezii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Saprospiragrandis.shtml	Saprospira grandis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Sarcinamaxima.shtml	Sarcina maxima
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Sarcinaventriculi.shtml	Sarcina ventriculi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Sebaldellatermitidis.shtml	Sebaldella termitidis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Serratiafonticola.shtml	Serratia fonticola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Serratiamarcescens.shtml	Serratia marcescens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Sphaerotilusnatans.shtml	Sphaerotilus natans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Sphingobacteriummultivorum.shtml	Sphingobacterium multivorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Staphylococcusarlettae.shtml	Staphylococcus arlettae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Staphylococcusaureus.shtml	Staphylococcus aureus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Staphylococcuscohnii.shtml	Staphylococcus cohnii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Staphylococcuswarneri.shtml	Staphylococcus warneri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Stenotrophomonasmaltophilia.shtml	Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptococcusfaecalis.shtml	Streptococcus faecalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptococcusmilleri.shtml	Streptococcus milleri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Diplococcuspneumoniae.shtml	Streptococcus pneumoniae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycesachromogenes.shtml	Streptomyces achromogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycesalbus.shtml	Streptomyces cesalbus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycescaespitosus.shtml	Streptomyces cescaepitosus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycesdiastaticus.shtml	Streptomyces cesdiastaticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycesexfoliatus.shtml	Streptomyces cesexfoliatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycesfimbriatus.shtml	Streptomyces fimbriatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycesfradiae.shtml	Streptomyces fradiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycesfulvissimus.shtml	Streptomyces fulvissimus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycesgriseoruber.shtml	Streptomyces griseoruber
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycesgriseus.shtml	Streptomyces griseus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomyceslavendulae.shtml	Streptomyces lavendulae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycesphaeochromogenes.shtml	Streptomyces phaeochromogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycesthermodiastaticus.shtml	Streptomyces thermodiastaticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Streptomycestubercidicus.shtml	Streptomyces tubercidicus
##T 14
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Tatlockiamaceachernii.shtml	Tatlockia maceachernii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Tatlockiamicdadei.shtml	Tatlockia micdadei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Tenacibaculumamylolyticum.shtml	Tenacibaculum amylolyticum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Tenacibaculumdiscolor.shtml	Tenacibaculum discolor
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Tenacibaculumgallaicum.shtml	Tenacibaculum gallaicum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Tenacibaculumlutimaris.shtml	Tenacibaculum lutimaris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Tenacibaculummesophilum.shtml	Tenacibaculum mesophilum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Tenacibaculumskagerrakense.shtml	Tenacibaculum skagerrakense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Tepidanaerobactersyntrophicus.shtml	Tepidanaerobacter syntrophicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Tepidibacterformicigenes.shtml	Tepidibacter formicigenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Tepidibacterthalassicus.shtml	Tepidibacter thalassicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Thermusaquaticus.shtml	Thermus aquaticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Thermusfiliformis.shtml	Thermus filiformis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Thermusthermophilus.shtml	Thermus thermophilus
##U 10
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Uliginosibacteriumgangwonense.shtml	Uliginosibacterium gangwonense
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ulvibacterlitoralis.shtml	Ulvibacter litoralis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Umezawaeatangerina.shtml	Umezawaea tangerina
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Undibacteriumpigrum.shtml	Undibacterium pigrum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ureaplasmaurealyticum.shtml	Ureaplasma urealyticum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ureibacilluscomposti.shtml	Ureibacillus composti
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ureibacillussuwonensis.shtml	Ureibacillus suwonensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ureibacillusterrenus.shtml	Ureibacillus terrenus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ureibacillusthermophilus.shtml	Ureibacillus thermophilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Ureibacillusthermosphaericus.shtml	Ureibacillus thermosphaericus
##V 56
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vagococcuscarniphilus.shtml	Vagococcus carniphilus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vagococcuselongatus.shtml	Vagococcus elongatus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vagococcusfessus.shtml	Vagococcus fessus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vagococcusfluvialis.shtml	Vagococcus fluvialis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vagococcuslutrae.shtml	Vagococcus lutrae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vagococcussalmoninarum.shtml	Vagococcus salmoninarum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Variovoraxboronicumulans.shtml	Variovorax boronicumulans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Variovoraxdokdonensis.shtml	Variovorax dokdonensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Variovoraxparadoxus.shtml	Variovorax paradoxus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Variovoraxsoli.shtml	Variovorax soli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Veillonellaatypica.shtml	Veillonella atypica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Veillonellacaviae.shtml	Veillonella caviae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Veillonellacriceti.shtml	Veillonella criceti
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Veillonelladispar.shtml	Veillonella dispar
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Veillonellamontpellierensis.shtml	Veillonella montpellierensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Veillonellaparvula.shtml	Veillonella parvula
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Veillonellaratti.shtml	Veillonella ratti
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Veillonellarodentium.shtml	Veillonella rodentium
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Venenivibriostagnispumantis.shtml	Venenivibrio stagnispumantis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Verminephrobactereiseniae.shtml	Verminephrobacter eiseniae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Verrucomicrobiumspinosum.shtml	Verrucomicrobium spinosum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrioaerogenes.shtml	Vibrio aerogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrioaestuarianus.shtml	Vibrio aestuarianus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrioalbensis.shtml	Vibrio albensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrioalginolyticus.shtml	Vibrio alginolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriocampbellii.shtml	Vibrio campbellii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriocholerae.shtml	Vibrio cholerae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriocincinnatiensis.shtml	Vibrio cincinnatiensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriocoralliilyticus.shtml	Vibrio coralliilyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriocyclitrophicus.shtml	Vibrio cyclitrophicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriodiazotrophicus.shtml	Vibrio diazotrophicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriofluvialis.shtml	Vibrio fluvialis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriofurnissii.shtml	Vibrio furnissii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriogazogenes.shtml	Vibrio gazogenes
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriohalioticoli.shtml	Vibrio halioticoli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Vibrioharveyi.shtml	Vibrio harveyi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrioichthyoenteri.shtml	Vibrio ichthyoenteri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriomediterranei.shtml	Vibrio mediterranei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriometschnikovii.shtml	Vibrio metschnikovii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriomytili.shtml	Vibrio mytili
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrionatriegens.shtml	Vibrio natriegens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrionavarrensis.shtml	Vibrio navarrensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Vibrionereis.shtml	Vibrio nereis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrionigripulchritudo.shtml	Vibrio nigripulchritudo
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrioordalii.shtml	Vibrio ordalii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrioorientalis.shtml	Vibrio orientalis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Vibrioparahaemolyticus.shtml	Vibrio parahaemolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriopectenicida.shtml	Vibrio pectenicida
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriopenaeicida.shtml	Vibrio penaeicida
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrioproteolyticus.shtml	Vibrio proteolyticus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibrioshilonii.shtml	Vibrio shilonii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriosplendidus.shtml	Vibrio splendidus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriotubiashii.shtml	Vibrio tubiashii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Vibriovulnificus.shtml	Vibrio vulnificus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Virgibacillushalodenitrificans.shtml	Virgibacillus halodenitrificans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Bacilluspantothenticus.shtml	Virgibacillus pantothenticus
##W 17
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Weissellacibaria.shtml	Weissella cibaria
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Weissellaconfusa.shtml	Weissella confusa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Weissellahalotolerans.shtml	Weissella halotolerans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Weissellahellenica.shtml	Weissella hellenica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Weissellakandleri.shtml	Weissella kandleri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Weissellakoreensis.shtml	Weissella koreensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Weissellaminor.shtml	Weissella minor
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Weissellaparamesenteroides.shtml	Weissella paramesenteroides
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Weissellasoli.shtml	Weissella soli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Weissellathailandensis.shtml	Weissella thailandensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Weissellaviridescens.shtml	Weissella viridescens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Williamsiamarianensis.shtml	Williamsia marianensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Williamsiamaris.shtml	Williamsia maris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Williamsiaserinedens.shtml	Williamsia serinedens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Winogradskyellathalassocola.shtml	Winogradskyella thalassocola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Wolbachiapersica.shtml	Wolbachia persica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Wolinellasuccinogenes.shtml	Wolinella succinogenes
##X 41
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Xanthobacteragilis.shtml	Xanthobacter agilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthobacteraminoxidans.shtml	Xanthobacter aminoxidans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthobacterautotrophicus.shtml	Xanthobacter autotrophicus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthobacterflavus.shtml	Xanthobacter flavus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthobactertagetidis.shtml	Xanthobacter tagetidis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthobacterviscosus.shtml	Xanthobacter viscosus
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonasalbilineans.shtml	Xanthomonas albilineans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonasalfalfae.shtml	Xanthomonas alfalfae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonasarboricola.shtml	Xanthomonas arboricola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Xanthomonasaxonopodis.shtml	Xanthomonas axonopodis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Xanthomonascampestris.shtml	Xanthomonas campestris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonascitri.shtml	Xanthomonas citri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonascodiaei.shtml	Xanthomonas codiaei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonascucurbitae.shtml	Xanthomonas cucurbitae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonaseuvesicatoria.shtml	Xanthomonas euvesicatoria
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonasfragariae.shtml	Xanthomonas fragariae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonasfuscans.shtml	Xanthomonas fuscans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonasgardneri.shtml	Xanthomonas gardneri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonashortorum.shtml	Xanthomonas hortorum
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonashyacinthi.shtml	Xanthomonas hyacinthi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonasperforans.shtml	Xanthomonas perforans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonasphaseoli.shtml	Xanthomonas phaseoli
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonaspisi.shtml	Xanthomonas pisi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonaspopuli.shtml	Xanthomonas populi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonastheicola.shtml	Xanthomonas theicola
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonastranslucens.shtml	Xanthomonas translucens
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xanthomonasvesicatoria.shtml	Xanthomonas vesicatoria
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xenophilusazovorans.shtml	Xenophilus azovorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xenorhabdusbeddingii.shtml	Xenorhabdus beddingii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xenorhabdusbovienii.shtml	Xenorhabdus bovienii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xenorhabduscabanillasii.shtml	Xenorhabdus cabanillasii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xenorhabdusdoucetiae.shtml	Xenorhabdus doucetiae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xenorhabdusgriffiniae.shtml	Xenorhabdus griffiniae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xenorhabdushominickii.shtml	Xenorhabdus hominickii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xenorhabduskoppenhoeferi.shtml	Xenorhabdus koppenhoeferi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xenorhabdusnematophila.shtml	Xenorhabdus nematophila
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xenorhabduspoinarii.shtml	Xenorhabdus poinarii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xylanibacteroryzae.shtml	Xylanibacter oryzae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xylanibacteriumulmi.shtml	Xylanibacterium ulmi
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Xylellafastidiosa.shtml	Xylella fastidiosa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Xylophilusampelinus.shtml	Xylophilus ampelinus
##Y 18
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yangiapacifica.shtml	Yangia pacifica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yaniellaflava.shtml	Yaniella flava
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yaniellahalotolerans.shtml	Yaniella halotolerans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yeosuanaaromativorans.shtml	Yeosuana aromativorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniaaldovae.shtml	Yersinia aldovae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniabercovieri.shtml	Yersinia bercovieri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniaenterocolitica.shtml	Yersinia enterocolitica
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniaentomophaga.shtml	Yersinia entomophaga
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniafrederiksenii.shtml	Yersinia frederiksenii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniaintermedia.shtml	Yersinia intermedia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniakristensenii.shtml	Yersinia kristensenii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniamollaretii.shtml	Yersinia mollaretii
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniaphilomiragia.shtml	Yersinia philomiragia
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniapseudotuberculosis.shtml	Yersinia pseudotuberculosis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniarohdei.shtml	Yersinia rohdei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yersiniaruckeri.shtml	Yersinia ruckeri
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yokenellaregensburgei.shtml	Yokenella regensburgei
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Yonghaparkiaalkaliphila.shtml	Yonghaparkia alkaliphila
##Z 15
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zavarziniacompransoris.shtml	Zavarzinia compransoris
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zeaxanthinibacterenoshimensis.shtml	Zeaxanthinibacter enoshimensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zhihengliuellahalotolerans.shtml	Zhihengliuella halotolerans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zobellelladenitrificans.shtml	Zobellella denitrificans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zobellellataiwanensis.shtml	Zobellella taiwanensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zobelliagalactanivorans.shtml	Zobellia galactanivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zobelliauliginosa.shtml	Zobellia uliginosa
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/../../restriction/sources/Zoogloearamigera.shtml	Zoogloea ramigera
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zoogloearesiniphila.shtml	Zoogloea resiniphila
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zooshikellaganghwensis.shtml	Zooshikella ganghwensis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zunongwangiaprofunda.shtml	Zunongwangia profunda
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zymobacterpalmae.shtml	Zymobacter palmae
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zymomonasmobilis.shtml	Zymomonas mobilis
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zymophiluspaucivorans.shtml	Zymophilus paucivorans
http://www.thelabrat.com/protocols/Bacterialspecies/Zymophilusraffinosivorans.shtml	Zymophilus raffinosivorans
